Release 21.07.0 (#5630)
scalableminds/webknossos: CHANGELOG.released.md

and this project adheres to [Calendar Versioning](http://calver.org/) `0Y.0M.MICRO`.
For upgrade instructions, please check the [migration guide](MIGRATIONS.released.md).

## [21.07.0](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/releases/tag/21.07.0) - 2021-07-21
[Commits](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/compare/21.06.0...21.07.0)

### Highlights
- Several improvements and changes have been implemented for the toolbar, sidebar and status bar. See the full changelog for all details (grouped under #5384). Alternatively, read the corresponding [blog post](https://medium.com/scalableminds/making-the-webknossos-ui-more-intuitive-81dd364ad70e). The most important changes are:
  - The toolbar now contains dedicated tools for moving, editing skeletons and erasing volume data. 
  - Right click opens a context menu for all tools, unless "Classic Mode" is enabled in the Settings tab (left sidebar).
  - The two tabs in the left sidebar "Annotation" and "Dataset" were renamed and restructured to "Layers" and "Settings". Some elements were also moved to other areas, such as the toolbar (e.g., the merger mode) or to dedicated tabs in the right sidebar (e.g., bounding boxes).

>   - The status bar contains additional elements for (editable) information, such as the active tree id (previously positioned in the left sidebar).

Author: this part is (mostly) new. the rest of the changes are simply moved lines.

  - The two tabs in the left sidebar "Annotation" and "Dataset" were renamed and restructured to "Layers" and "Settings".
      - "Layers" contains the layers which were previously visible in "Dataset".
    - Also, "Layers" contains a dedicated Skeleton layer which handles skeleton-specific settings (e.g., clipping distance).
    - "Merger Mode" and "Soma Clicking" were moved to the toolbar (visible when the skeleton tool is selected).
    - “Brush Size” was moved to the toolbar (visible when brush or brush-eraser is selected)
    - "Controls" and "Viewport options" (previously under "Annotation") and "Data Rendering" (previously under "Dataset") were moved to "Settings".
    - The "Bounding Boxes" section in "Annotation" tab was moved to an own tab to the right sidebar.
    - The "Mapping" setting was moved to the segmentation layer in the left sidebar.
  - The status bar contains additional elements for (editable) information, such as the active tree id (previously positioned in the left sidebar).

>   - Some UI elements were less spacious by favoring icons instead of labels. Hover these elements to get an helpful tooltip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - In some UI elements, text was replaced by icons. An explaining tooltip can be shown by hovering.
```
